h1. imgurEyes

This was a simple iPhone application I started about two years ago to learn iPhone programming. It demonstrates the use of the
camera, tab bar, and photo gallery components in the "Three20 iOS library":http://three20.info/, as well as interacting with
SQLite and making HTTP requests to interact with a web service.

The idea behind the app was to have a simple camera that immediately uploaded contents to a cloud provider; in this case, I picked
imgur, but it could as easily have been DropBox or TwitPic or whoever.  Since the photograph would go directly to 
the external source without being stored on the phone itself (except perhaps temporarily, to allow for some resilience in the case 
of network outages, and to faciliate the background transfer of the photograph), it would save me a step that I generally always took 
anyway.  Also, for people who tend to stumble into situations where they want to document things that might get their phones
confiscated (hopefully for good reasons, like at a pro-democracy protest in China or something), I guess an app like this would
be good for them too.  [Note that I never did get around to implementing caching the photo or background file transfer.]

There probably isn't much need for this idea anymore, since many camera makers are coming out with WiFi enabled cameras which will
probably accomplish the same thing.

But it was a fun excuse to learn some iOS programming, and maybe you might find it useful as a launching point for an application 
of your own.

